Features = can perform all CRUD operations efficiently, also have a delete all contact at onces button, works on react-redux concept

Tech used/Learnings = 0) React-Redux concept is used here, we made one store which has a initial state, we made different actions, which had their own reducers, inside our
                         components we dispatched to our store using our specific action. we used rootreducer to combine all the reducers
                      1) index.js is loaded by default when our server is started, everyfile be it .html , .js named index gets loaded by default by the browser, we can say it 
                         is the landing page for browser, component name in react should start with a capital letter.
                      2) filter function and map both return a array, both need an iterator as a parameter, 
                         filter returns element which fullfill the condition used inside filter, both are used as variable.map()/variable.filter()
                      3) if the page is blank white w/o any compilation error, wrap any section of code inside {} or see if function call is done with/without (), in some case we 
                         dont need to use () after function call.
                      4) useSelector hook is used to access data (present inside our initial state) from any component 
                      5) composewithdevtools extension used to see live changes in our store
                      6) always pass key also in props, else no unique key for child error will appear in console
                      7) store can be made inside the reducer component
                      8) wrap app.js inside <provider store>
                      9) redux thunk is used to dispatch to store asyncly
                     10) paste bootstrap links in html file below <head> tag
                     11) useState hook was used for variable so that the real time change in the value of variable could be reflected on webpage in real time
                     12) we use link/a tag to make a button, link contains to attrib, which tells where to redirect the browser, routes contains a path attrib, which tells
                         what component to load once that path is entered in the browser.
                     13) used useeffect hook to dispatch with the dependency array involved in our useeffect, dependency array contains quantites on changing of whose the 
                         useeffect hook triggers. so whenever value of those dependency changes the useeffect gets triggered and data is dispatched to store.
                     14) in mongoDB (not used in this project though) , use camelCase, end with DB, make singular(but collections in plural and all lowercase).
                         
Problem faced-solutions = 1) if statements can't be used in html so we use ternary operator for conditionals, but we can use if statements while working outside return <div></div>
                             i.e. while working in JSX we can use if statements, like inside any callback functions, we can also use for loop inside reducers files.
                          2) every contact needed a unique id so that in future we could locate them easily and perform our operation over that particular contact
                             so we used npm package short id for this purpose.
                          3) if we want to work with real time APIs where the we get dynamic data unlike our current model where the JSON data is locally passed, we got
                             to use Redux Thunk so that we can dispatch to store asyncly.
                          4) we use the length funtion of array to find the length of the array and from this information we do our further analysis, like for instance,
                             we can tell if any feature has to be activated or not by just checking if array.length>0;  this way we are trying to activate the feature only
                             when the array is not empty.
                          5) changing values into array types values:= 
                                    let arr = state.contacts.filter((contact)=>contact.id==action.payload);
                                    // converting arr values into an array values
                                    arr=arr.values();
                                    for(let val of arr){
                                        arr=val;
                                    }

